everyone they can claim bikes here
bringing you some fresh new products
from the store today we're going to
feature the customs that we can do here
at Clayton flanks well let's start with
this guy are here come here is the brand
new fit Wi-Fi brain with this frame fit
wanted to make a very nice tight stiff
compact frame for the technical
shredders out there this happens to be a
21 inch top to frame the rear oh no this
guy is a very short rear end 13.1 the
13.25 in length you can run a 2.3 tires
all the way slam even head tube is a
newer steeper head to seventy five point
five degrees helps with Spence help with
those manuals it also features a nice
glow stand over 8.5 and the other thing
too is they helps lower the bottom
bracket put it at 11.6 that way lower
bottom bracket lower center of gravity
short of rear end helps your manuals
culture spins again so yeah that's the
Wi-Fi frame like I said very nice and
low tight and compact and from there we
have a kind of a nice little range of
different parts on here start with
basically over all parts key is
signature complete hard package so you
can I see no more dates blind three
piece crank seal bearing hubs 19 driver
on your don't wall rims so all that's
really nice we also put a clock swift
brake lever on this guy really nice good
meal this good bed one finger break
awesome match stuck with a red odysseyk
linear sleek able home again you know
spin through your bar spin through your
tables while still runner breaks doesn't
affect your brakes Red Team CJ animal
tom white wall tires so overall just a
really good large package really nice
you also got the humor diatec hombre
rear brakes done from the building down
south with the kind of cool Red's large
package on there so that helps a little
thing altogether so that's it this is
the Wi-Fi custom coming to you at a
killer deal at 649 for complete custom
that is me that's a really good deal is
probably you're going to be looking at
least over a grand when you do it all up
this is just one of many examples we can
do when you do a custom complete like
this we offer our same lifetime service
package that we give on all our bikes so
it's amazing yield great quality build
done right by people to ride BMX club
next
you